Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Inquisition
In France. at the end of the 16th century
Your Lordship. there's a plague
in the area
Are you afraid? Is that possible?
You know well the holy mission
that brought us here
Providence will see us through
Let's finish eating.
then we'll sleep for a few hours
and continue our journey
We still have many leagues
to travel until Perignac
and the way will be very difficult
Witches and warlocks deny God and
his law. the Virgin and the saints.
in exchange for the gifts from the devil.
Satan grants great riches and delights
Alright. dismount and come with me
Come. I want you to contemplate
pestilence face to face
Nicolas. wait for us here
Let's go
- I love you Jean
- Catherine.
soon you'll be my wife. I swear
Jean. you'll marry me. you'll do it. right?
There will never be another
woman for me. only you
You know my father. if he knew I've
given myself to you he'd kill you
I've sworn it Catherine
My god. it's gotten late. I have to go
Every day we return home later.
I don't know what excuse
I'll make up today
May the blessed Virgin protect us
if your father suspects anything
- I'll be his woman Madeleine. he promised
- Hopefully it'll be soon
- Why doesn't he speak with your father?
- He wants to go to Toulouse first.
he wants his uncle's blessing. when
he comes back he'll speak with father
An owl crossing the path.
may god help us
Catherine. there will be a tragedy
It's the prettiest wedding
dress I've seen in my life
You'll look lovely. but I bet
Gaston would prefer you without it
Gaston is quite the catch.
I'm jealous Michelle. but I
congratulate you for having caught him
You'll be happy and have many children.
Gaston is... he must be very ardent
Stop being envious. you're
making Michelle nervous
- But Gaston is so handsome
- And very rich
We all would have liked to have married him.
and you as well Elvire. isn't that so?
Stop chattering and help me
Elvire. here are the ribbons you asked for
They say they're dying like
rats in Gracie du Champs.
that they can't bury so many plague victims
and that the dead rot in the streets
May the blessed Virgin help us.
and may no one get sick in Perignac
- God help us
- May he protect us
You arrive later every time
Well. it was the vergers fault.
he started talking and there was
no way to get him to quiet down
And you. you gossip.
what are you doing here?
Go to the garden and take some
potatoes to the kitchen. hurry
He promised Elvire!
As soon as he comes back from Toulouse
he'll speak with father
He's asked for us several times.
we have guests. some magistrates from Paris
Important people. we
should prepare a good dinner
In that village we found 300 people
who had given themselves to the devil
Only 50 were men. the rest were women
As you no doubt know.
the malignant one
tends to use women for his dark deeds
- It's his custom Mayor
- I know your Lordship. I know
Temptation is his best ally
That's Catherine. my oldest daughter
Father. we can serve dinner
when you wish
Serve it then
Our food can't be compared
to the delicious delicacies
which you must be accustomed to at Court.
but we offer it with all good grace
- Catherine. move. go on now
- Yes Father
The voyage has been very difficult.
but our duty obligates us to the
highest sacrifices
for the common good
We're determined to unmask and punish
without pity anyone in this region
who has made a pact
with and serve the devil
We've received reports
and we know that witches and sorcerers
are every day more numerous in this area
Yes. it's true
We good Christians live in fear.
our crops fail.
the women can't conceive
and the men can't sire
The flocks die without apparent
cause. the plague threatens us
In Lanslebourg we interrogated and burned
over 200 confessed sorcerers at the stake
Among them we found
many important people.
a surgeon. various nobles.
and even a mayor like yourself
It was long and complicated.
but we did a good job
and did away with heresy
We'll do the same here
Neighbors of Perignac. come one and all
From this afternoon on. the
great Madenoc comedy troupe
will present the best
works in their repertoire
Come one. come all. come!
Will you not give anything
to the players your Lordship?
Thank you noble sir
Play with them dwarf. play with Judas' coins
Read it Madenoc. read
Let it be known to the residents
of this town. both young and old.
that everyone is required to come
tomorrow after Angelus to this church
to be instructed on the
grave danger of witchcraft
Inquisitor of the High Tribunal.
Bernard de Fossey
After profoundly studying
Sprenger's Malleus Malleficarum.
Torquemada's Garden of Strange
Flowers. and Nider's Formicarius
I've come to realize that the
devil is the same in every place
and the sabbat is also the same
Come in
Good evening your Lordships. my
father ordered me to bring you dinner
Leave it on the table
Give your Father our thanks and tell him
we regret not joining him this evening.
we have much work to and
will be awake until dawn
Girl
Your Lordship?
No. nothing. you may go
Look at that bastard!
- The son of a bitch!
- He'll pay for this
- Mabille
- Hello Madeleine.
I knew you'd come today
Come in
They've come to my masters house.
they've placed proclamations everywhere
and a crier has read them in the streets
They're exhorting us all
I don't fear them.
they can do nothing to me
One of them has gone to Carcassonne
to get a squad of soldiers.
soon the persecutions will begin
Madeleine. what do you want?
Mabille. you know how much
I love Elvire and Catherine.
their family took me in after my
parents died.
we were raised together
I know. Now tell me what
services you want from me
Catherine is in love with a
young man. she's crazy about him
She only thinks the best of him.
she loves him more than life itself
He has promised to marry her
And you're afraid the young
man won't fulfill his promise
- If he doesn't. Catherine would die
- You want him to be tied to her.
that he should never be
able to leave her. right?
You shall prepare the philtre
Pay close attention.
because even the slightest error
could mean failure
Alms noble sir. for the love of god
What do you want to tell me
- My desire is to serve his Lordship-
- Alright. alright. talk
I wanted to tell you that. at the fair.
when the dwarf played with the
coins your companion had given him.
Avril Doufraine said that they
were Judas' coins
Michele the Blacksmith's young daughter.
I saw her one night with Pierril the baker.
they were in woods. I saw them
make a hole and urinate in it.
then they mixed it with their fingers
A smoke came out that the
devil raised to the sky
and it hailed so hard it destroyed the crops
On another day. they
were seen going back home
naked
Catherine. since I've known you my
life has been nothing but happiness
I love you so much
I've come to an agreement with Maurice.
once I come back from Toulouse
I'll pay him and his land shall be mine
There's abundant water. and working
them well
they'll give an abundant crop
My noble uncle will lend me the money
Catherine. I want to have children
to fill our home with happiness
and give us many many grandchildren
Jean. I'm afraid.
- I'm very happy and-
- And?
And you will continue to be
That's why I'm with you.
to take care of you and
love you more every day
Jean. come back soon. I
need you so much. my love.
that I don't know if
I can take your absence
I love you Catherine.
I love you my wife
Catherine. don't worry
Jean will be back from Toulouse
soon and loving you more than ever
I'm afraid Madeleine. I love him
so much. If I were to lose him...
- Did he like the wine I sent?
- Yes. he gives his thanks
Catherine. there won't be anything
that can separate him from you
He'll come back and marry you
One Friday Odile and
Pierril came looking for me.
they disrobed me and gave me an ointment
- Continue
- It was a dark night.
then we mounted three different animals.
Odile on a black dog. Pierril
on a huge bat and I on a lizard
- On a lizard you say?
- Yes your Lordship. a very large lizard.
but not green like the ones
I had seen. but red like flame
- And then?
- Then we flew very high.
until we reached a mountain
where I had never been before
I saw men and women
dancing. some wore masks
A black male goat with three horns
on its forehead
ordered them from a golden throne
Everyone went and kissed it.
I saw children taking
herds of toads to graze
and many devils hopping about
with lit candles in their hands
When I saw all that I got scared
and said "My God. what is this?"
Then everything suddenly disappeared
and I found myself alone and lost
on the mountain
If I hadn't found some woodsman I
would have died of hunger and cold
Wretches! Pierre. have
then arrested immediately
Yes. your Lordship
Noble ladies. give alms and god
will repay you
Alms. for the love of god. alms
They'll torture them and
then they'll kill them
Odile and Pierril have always been
good. they've never harmed anyone.
I can't believe they're witches
But they lie with men and showed
no modesty
To love isn't a sin
Not when you love only
one. but they loved many
That man. the judge. he's the devil.
and I'm embarrassed that
father accepted him as a guest
Quiet fool. if someone heard you...
Enough!
- Confess you're a witch
- No. I'm not. I'm not!
Confess you've gone to the sabbat
and given worship to Satan.
confess!
No. it's not true! It's not true!
Confess that you've produced tempests
and lain with the devil's dragons
I'm not a witch. I'm not!
Confess and we'll be merciful.
Confess!
Bring the other one. let's
see if her will is as strong
Untie her
Take her to the wheel
You're a damned witch and
you'll burn at the stake
Pierril Fillé. do you confess
to worshiping the devil
and rendering homage unto
him along with Odile Dufrain?
No. we've been falsely
accused. it's not true!
Do you confess to having
carnal relations with demons?
No. it's a lie!
You're a witch. confess!
No. pity your Lordship. have pity!
I'll confess. I'll confess your Lordship!
I'll confess. have pity
Bring her down
Since when have you had
a deal with the devil?
Since four years ago
One night a young man in black showed up.
He asked if I wanted to be his lover
and I responded that I did.
Then he gave me a hat full of gold coins
Later he took me to the sabbat
and that's where I met Odile
I've been a witch ever since
- What was the demon's name?
- The name?
Berdoso your Lordship.
he was called Berdoso
In the name of this High Tribunal
we condemn Odile Dufrain
and Pierril Fillé.
having confessed and been convicted
of the great crime of witchcraft.
to be burned alive until their
bodies are reduced to ashes.
sentencing them to bear the
costs and confiscating their goods
for the benefit of this judiciary
They'll burn them tomorrow
where Chester and Cherbourg cross
Poor girls. they'll die for nothing
But what are you saying Emile.
they're witches. they confessed
After suffering the most atrocious torture
Under those conditions even I would
admit to being Merlin the Magician
There's no worse crime than
to make a pact with the devil
Do you know what I believe Arman?
Those wretches that worship the
devil. that attend the sabbat.
that cast spells and hexes are desperate.
unfortunates who rebel against hunger.
against sickness and misery.
against the tyranny of the powerful
Surgeon. you mustn't speak
like that. it's dangerous
That's why they invent all that.
they also need someone powerful
to help them
I'm convinced that the majority
of sorcerers burned to death
are just poor deluded fools.
ignorant and afraid
They believe they fly. travel
the skies to go to their reunions.
and all they really do is
dream. lying in their beds
Emile. you'll end up on the stake.
I wouldn't like it. you're my best friend
It's possible
I know the cost of telling
the truth in these times
The fox entered the Demaine's
hen house and started killing chickens
The noise woke Gaston. the older brother.
He entered and discovered the culprit
He threw a rock and hit it on
one of the hind legs. the left one.
they say it screamed like a woman.
The next day Denise.
daughter of Antoine the cooper.
limped with her left foot.
Another day Denise kissed
the Candelous' son.
later the boy was dead of fever
Enter
Forgive me your Lordship. if you'll
allow me I'll refresh the fire
You may do it
Girl. what do you think of the devil?
Go on. tell me. Tell me
Your Lordship. I know
what all the world knows.
he's man's enemy. cause
of all ills and calamities
Come. I want to show you something.
To defeat an enemy. we must know him well
There exist 72 infernal princes
who command 7000 demons
This is Satan. the Emperor.
the malignant serpent of paradise.
the rebel angel
This is Beelzebub. prince of demons
Asmodeus. overseer of hell
Astaroth. grand duke of the
orient. the infernal treasurer
Belthegor the marshal.
commands 70 legions of demons
Forgive me your Lordship. I have to leave
Wait. don't go yet
They're powerful and assail us continuously
to win our souls and condemn us to hellfire
They are everywhere.
they can take any form.
The husband in bed
believes he holds his wife.
when what he may be holding
is a horrible succubus
The wife may be deceived by an
incubus. They corrupt everything
Your Lordship. let me go. I beg you
The flesh is weak. you must be
careful. I know you have a lover
He was coming back from
Toulouse when he was attacked
They stabbed him savagely
Since that day Catherine
has been sick. very sick
She won't eat. she
doesn't want to see anyone
If she continues like
this she'll die or go mad
I'll cure her.
but you must do what I tell you to
the foot of the letter. and above all.
- bring her to me
- Yes
Surgeon.
my daughter is worse every day
- What's wrong with her?
- Her body is healthy.
it's her spirit that is sick
She'll only heal if she has
the will to do so
A demon has entered
her. that's what's wrong
- Someone has put the evil eye on her
- You know I don't believe in those things
Your daughter has had some shock.
but she'll recover from her
melancholy and recover on her own
I know what I must do
Leave
Catherine. your father believes
you are possessed
and has asked me to intervene.
but I know what's really wrong
I know the reason for your sorrow.
the death of Jean Bibrane
I know how you feel
You're very young and beautiful.
you'll find another man to love
Look around you. perhaps
he is very close by
Sadness and melancholy are
the devil's favored weapons
Forget that man and happiness
will return to your soul
I'll tell your father you aren't possessed.
I'll keep the secret of your sorrow
but don't forget what I said
about sadness.
don't give the devil an opportunity
Jean!
- Madeleine!
- Catherine!
- Catherine. what's wrong?
- I saw Jean's death.
it wasn't a robbery. someone.
a man whose face I didn't see.
paid the killers
- I'll speak with Mabille
- It's a message from Jean.
he wants me to find his murderer
I have to see that man's
face. I must know who he is.
then I'll make him pay
Isn't it true you changed into a fox.
entered the Demaine's hen house and killed
- all their chickens?
- No. it's not true. it isn't!
You gave a kiss to the son of
Catalina Candelous
and he died of fever. confess it!
Yes. I kissed him. but I don't
have powers to kill anyone!
Confess that you've caused
great harm to Michelle Renoit.
making her vomit forth worms.
toads. spiders and other vermin
- Confess you're a witch!
- Lord. have pity on me.
you don't want to martyr my body.
you want to damn my soul.
but one day you'll have to give
account to my Redeemer. one day!
Go on. confess. confess!
My God. forgive them
Go on. proceed. she must confess
Your Lordship. this woman is dead
In any case the sentence will be
carried out.
her body will be burned at
the stake and reduced to ashes
She wants to see the killer's face
to take vengeance.
she only thinks of that
Jean's death has obsessed her
I understand her. I also lost a
loved one and know how it feels
I can help her. I can help
her discover who killed Jean
You know the Lord I serve can do anything
Since his Lordship spoke with her.
Catherine has been much better
Yes. I've noticed.
and also the solicitous interest
the magistrate showers on your daughter
Elvire. tell your sister to come.
I want her to greet the surgeon
Father. she went out with Madeleine
Alright. return to your duties
Without a doubt his Lordship
works well. and quickly
It won't be long before he clears
the region of witches and sorcerers
The accusations grow
more numerous by the day.
husbands give up their wives.
children their parents
No one is certain they won't
end up on the stake at any moment
He carries out his duty. he's a just man
He's a fanatic and bloodthirsty zealot.
you know what I think of the
wretch that fall into his grasp
All are judged justly and pay
for their crimes as they deserve
One day all of this
will be a shame to mankind
You're falling into heresy Surgeon.
be careful
Denounce me and thus you'll
calm your conscience Mayor
- What's going on Louis?
- Is that your woman?
Yes. yes your Lordship
Don't let her touch the ground
You've denounced her you bastard.
you've denounced your own wife
damn you!
- Show us the proof. hurry!
- Yes. yes your Lordship
It's us Pierre. it's us
Lucifer. punish your enemies
Lord of the Night. destroy them!
Capture her. capture her!
Capture that witch!
The boy too. all of them will burn!
Let go. let me go!
Bernard. come
Bernard
My Lord will reveal to you the identity
of the person who had Jean killed
No matter how powerful they may be
you will be able to have your vengeance.
but for him to grant you that mercy
you'll have to serve and worship him
I won't hesitate to do anything necessary
On these scrolls
are written the rules you must follow
to pass the test of initiation
Beelzebub.
Astaroth.
Neviros
Princes of Hell.
help me to acquire
the favor of your emperor.
Lucifer
Tonight you will meet the one who
shall be your master from now on
He will give you everything.
but you must serve him loyally
Very soon you will fly to the sabbat.
there the Lord of Shadows
will welcome you
Today you shall preside over the
assembly together with my lord
Catherine. from now on you
shall serve me faithfully
If your good father were to
perish who will care for you?
Your Lordship. the surgeon Emile Denoir
is his best friend and will be our guardian
He doesn't seem adequate to me.
he's a man with inconvenient ideas
I'll speak with your
father about this matter
- But your Lordship-
- No. don't thank me.
I wish the best for you. I'll
find someone more appropriate
Your Lordship. I beg you.
let my father die in peace.
he has already expressed his will
I know what's best for you and
I'll do as my conscience dictates
Will I discover the face of the
man who had Jean killed tonight?
Perhaps. but our master will give
you the revelation when he wishes
and no one knows his designs
Serve him faithfully and he will indulge you
Here and there
That man. the judge. he's the devil
You shall be the living altar
Arman. you've done wisely
I know you'll care for Elvire
and Catherine like a real father
Elvire.
my daughter
If I die. the magistrate
shall be your guardian
and will govern the household
He's a just man. honor
him as you've honored me
Your sister. I almost never see her.
I fear death arriving without her at my side
Catherine. our father is
very ill and wants to see you
Didn't you hear me?
Father is dying and wants to see you
Emile won't be our guardian.
the judge has convinced father
and he will be the one taking
charge of us and the household
Don't fear sister.
that man won't be able to do anything to us
My master will protect us and destroy him
I am powerful now. and strong.
no one can harm me
Catherine. you're scaring me
If the judge finds out about what
you and Madeleine are doing...
When I fly to the sabbat.
and see the whole world so small at my feet.
when I know I can bring down rain and hail.
when I think about how I
can create hate or love.
I'm happy once again
In the sabbat my flesh.
my entrails cry out with pleasure.
everything is permitted
Our master is generous and richly
rewards those who serve him well
Elvire. you must come
with me. you must come
With this potion you can
poison the flocks
and cause the crops to be
lost wherever you spill it
and if you invoke Asmodeus
at the same time
no woman can be made with child
and all the plants shall dry up
Belladonna and mandrake.
heliotrope flowers and wolfsbane root
Mabille. everything you've
ordered I've done faithfully.
but tell me when I'll
learn who Jean's killer is
That's the most important
thing to you. right?
You'll have a new dream where
you'll see your lover's death.
but this time you'll see
the face of his murderer
On the night of the full moon.
before going to bed.
you'll drink this philtre
You'll think strongly of those you suspect.
then sleep will come
and you will see the face of he
who ordered Jean's death
To take vengeance on him
you'll use your body.
you'll defeat him with lust.
you'll make him your slave
His love for you shall
be his ruin and his doom
Yes your Lordship. the witch is called
Mabille and lives on the mountain.
until now no one's dared to denounce her
because they're afraid of her powers.
they say she's the queen of the sabbat
And you Renover. aren't you
afraid of such a powerful witch?
Yes your Lordship.
I must confess that I was
scared at first as well.
but finally my conscience as a
good Christian overcame my fears
I must also tell you
that Mabille often gets visits
from certain important people.
there are those that
have seen them Lordship
Important people?
The case is very delicate
and I forbid you to speak to anyone
about this matter.
if you betray my confidence
I will punish you severely
I'll faithfully carry out
what your order your Lordship
And those important people.
are you the one that's seen them?
Elvire. forgive us but we want
to know how your father is doing
Badly. everything is in the Lord's hands
- We'll pray for him
- May God bless you
Bernard.
it was you?
You?
Good evening surgeon.
how is the patient?
He died this evening your
Lordship. Good evening
That man is insolent
Catherine. why have you come?
What do you want at this hour?
Don't you know?
You've desired me since
you saw me for the first time
You convinced my father. only to have me
No. I did it for your sake.
for yours and your sister's
You lie. you want only me.
Very well.
take me now
Catherine. I beg you. leave
Catherine. you will damn me.
I know it
Today they'll take old Mabille to the stake
They've proved she's a witch.
though we in the village
have known for a long time
They threw her in the river
and she floated like cork.
so she's a witch
Later they tortured her.
but old Mabille is tough.
not one name came from her mouth
You've denounced her like
the others. right you scum?
She's a horrible old woman.
but I didn't denounce her
It was Margot. the vergers wife
I only want to see the
young ones burn. only them!
You're a wretch!
You all despise me but I'm a man
like any other.
that's why I hate you. I hate you!
Damned witch.
daughter of the devil!
You'll pay! You'll all pay!
Lord of the Underworld. my master.
give me strength to destroy
them all. all of them
Catherine. Mabille couldn't
prevent her own death
Those powers she thought
she had were of no use to her.
no demon came to rip her
from her executioner's hands
I was wrong to take you.
I thought she could help us.
but she died without
being able to do anything
She was just a poor defenseless
old woman
You and I have flown over the
mountains. we've touched the stars
we've attended the sabbat and
worshiped the Lord of the Night
It's true. it's all true!
It has to be...
I need it Madeleine. I need it
Yes your Lordship. they frequently
visited Mabille. I've seen them
And why haven't you said so before?
Forgive me your Lordship. I did
I spoke. I spoke with the judge
What? You spoke with the judge?
Yes. yes your Lordship.
and he told me to keep my silence
Then you're disobeying him!
He ordered you to keep quiet!
Your Lordship. my conscience
as a good Christian
wouldn't allow me rest.
- the gravity of the case is evident-
- Yes. yes. I understand
The matter is delicate.
I must reflect on it
Renover. if I have need of you
I'll send for you.
You may go
And never forget that the
Malignant One uses women
to lead men to their damnation
But the judge is an incorruptible
and austere magistrate.
a paragon of virtue
That's precisely why Satan
will try harder to corrupt him
And you won't deny that
Catherine's beauty
could drive any man mad
Yes. you're right
You're right
She tried to seduce him from the beginning
- I imagine you noticed
- Now that you say so...
Then he tried to convince
Arman to name him steward
of the household and
guardian of his daughters.
bastard interests that are
at odds with our high mission
And as if that weren't enough.
he hid the visits Catherine paid
to the witch from us
- Renover could have lied
- Renover told the truth!
I know men well
and I know when they lie
The matter is grave. and we
must act with great prudence.
but with all the rigor our position demands
Damn you. damn you infernal
spirit. you have defeated me
You've sent that woman to be my perdition
and I no longer have strength to fight you
Catherine. why have you
made me come to this place?
I was here with Jean that last day
We loved each other like never before.
but then he left. never to come back
Some gutless coward had him murdered.
but that villain is already sentenced.
and very soon he'll pay for his crime
Today I want you and I
to love one another here.
here in the same place where
Jean held me for the last time
What are you afraid of magistrate?
I don't fear you Catherine.
I've sent hundreds of heretic
witches to the stake.
none of them could harm me
I've seen you and Madeleine
return at dawn.
and I know where you're coming from
Why haven't you had me burn?
Because I love you Catherine.
though I know you'll
drag me to hell with you
You had Jean killed
No Catherine. they killed him to rob him.
I had nothing to do with it. nothing
You must pay
I've made a pact
with the Lord of the Night.
my soul in exchange for yours
What are you looking for here Renover?
For a witch
A witch?
Isn't that what the three of you are?
Filthy daughters of the devil
I'm no witch! You lie Renover. you lie!
I've seen Madeleine and your
sister go to Mabille's house
Your sister has bewitched the judge.
they meet in secret. I've seen them
You'll all go to the stake
But if you're clever and give me
what I want.
you'll be saved
No. let me go!
Let me go!
This is the declaration
Renover signed before he died
As you can see.
Catherine's guilt is obvious
Renover is a wretch.
this declaration could be a pack of lies
No man. no matter how wicked.
would lie when he knows
he's at death's door
But Renover killed two defenseless women
Forgive me Lordship. they killed him
I'm convinced they brought him
there through deceit to murder him
They were scared of him. he had
been witness to their heresies
That's why Renover defended himself
and slew them. though he lost
his life as well
This isn't enough for me to
condemn Catherine.
- it's not enough!
- You know it's enough.
but there are also more witnesses
that are prepared to testify
The witch shall pay
- I'm the judge!
- And you will judge her
We'll submit Catherine
to the pertinent tests
to prove she's a sorceress
Your attitude surprises me Lordship.
the matter is quite clear
- Confess!
- It's not true! It's not true!
Confess that you've produced tempests
and lain with the devil's dragon
- Confess you're a witch!
- Lord. have pity on me.
you don't want to martyr my body.
you want to damn my soul.
but one day you'll have to give
account to my Redeemer. one day!
Confess!
Your Lordship. I've found the spot.
There's no blood. there's no pain
You can see it for yourself
Look at this your Lordship.
here the nail of the Malignant One
has left its mark
Confess you're a witch!
Confess you've worshiped
and served the devil!
Confess!
Yes. I've worshiped the
Lord of the Underworld.
I've served him faithfully.
I've given myself to him.
I've been to the sabbat. I've cast spells.
I'm a witch! I am!
But that damned bastard
has been my lover.
I swear it. before going to the stake
I swear it!
He's helped me. together
we've held the rites.
together we've worshiped the devil!
My master will destroy you.
he won't allow you to harm me!
Bastards!
Your Lordship. I want to
show you something.
We found this in your room
This is the contract you made
with the devil.
here is your signature and seal
You've prepared everything very well
You always wanted my post.
now you shall have it
I congratulate you Nicolas Remy
No your Lordship. I swear
I haven't prepared anything
I searched your room and found all this
It was you Catherine. it was you
Catherine. you've never been to the sabbat.
you've never worshiped the devil
You're not a witch. you don't
have extraordinary powers
You're just a poor girl hounded
and tortured by your own fears.
by your own frustrations
I flew above the stars.
I danced in the sabbat
When you thought you were flying
you were asleep in your bed.
you never left your room
and neither did Mabille and Madeleine.
they were just two poor wretches.
hysterical and ignorant
I saw the judge pay Jean's killers!
You only dreamed what you wanted to see
The drink Mabille gave you
is a mixture of plant extracts
that produce chimeras and fantastic dreams
My master will protect me.
he'll come to my aid
The flames will not harm me
and I'll be free!
Catherine. you've lost your reason
Surgeon. your time is up. you must go
And riven of all dignity and privilege.
you shall be shaven as a
symbol of your great iniquity
and taken to the stake
May God have mercy on your soul
Father. I was a madman.
a fanatical and pitiless sinner
I repent of my many and grave faults
and I ask the Almighty to forgive me
Plead for me
Surgeon.
Alain Blondier's wife and son have died
and many other families have fallen ill.
- their bodies are covered in ulcers
- My god. the plague
Come. let's leave quickly
Translation: Turdis
February 2010
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-